Let's navigate to the AWS product page.
I've navigated to the AWS product page.
AWS offers a broad set of global base products.
Let's look at the different categories.
First, there's analytics for big data.
It also offers visualization tools like Amazon Quicksight,
querying tools for objects or files like Athena,
and redshift for data warehousing.
There's also application integration.
So there are services like the Simple Queue Service.
Notification and alerting services like the Simple Notification Service.
There's also AWS cost management tools, like AWS budgets.
There's also compute services like EC2 that provides virtual servers.
AWS Lambda for running code in a serverless fashion,
and in response to events.
Elastic Beanstalk for running web applications.
There are also database management services for engines like MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server.
There's even support for NoSQL databases like Dynamo DB,
and even document-based databases like MongoDB.
There are developer tools like AWS Cloud9,
which is a cloud IDE.
There's AWS Code Pipeline for continuous integration.
There are also security services.
So there's KMS, Key Management Service for data encryption.
AWS Shield, for DDoS protection.
Identity and Access Management or IAM for fine grain control over permissions.
There are also additional services like Blockchain services, Machine Learning,
Computer Vision, IoT, Internet of Things,
and AR, and VR services.
Now, we will not cover all of these services,
just the more foundational services: popular storage and content delivery services,
networking, security, and messaging services.
All of the basic building blocks that you'll need for Cloud-based Applications.